and
and youtube greet these bamboos and
today we find ourselves for a
new video on minecraft so this
this time on the new channel the night
work
so it will be a trolling video so
to troll your friends in servers
multiplayer and so here on this
new chain so that will be the chain
of two months of dacca 32 and snow
trail bester it's gone so first I
will show you how to find your
friends and then I'll talk about the chain
so it's for those who discover
my videos I basically do
diomine kraft when you have our
gloucester and tenard he will differ
finally they will do minecraft but also
many other days is a little
blocked for the power of my pc I
can only do that for the moment
so then you'll see the troll
in celebration is to make disappear the
roads
that is, while you have to go
to cook objects they go all
just vanish do not go
So here seem to many it is not a
bug
they really disappear but we
since it's not funny and that ben
can not be that they would
really do not really say the source of the
trap a stupid block and sealed ya not
long time
who is it or afraid and if not we do not
would make a fear that will recover everything
what is in the ovens
it's really practical it can put
Latin is train that could excuse me
even be a system for optimizing
cooking but there it is more for
troll your friends there really really
pique their almost their distant
here I think you understood
how to do how you want to play
I you when you show the hop cap
so in fact the system is that we are going
to say that here and the oven are there and in
that sense just do I just
put to the heart what makes wolves
of a time in
you can even do after
gave systems here are systems
like this one that 's going to fall off the
valley here goes the wounded six and even
do when it's a system that's
to your house like that comment
remy makes something escape in his
oven and bah it comes directly from your
coffers
it's completely sadistic so that's it
so that was for the point the little
troll that it's always fun to
do and now so for those who
had come just for the troll hand
you can finish here but for those
that would have its shape is a bit on
this string which is the net worth these
night work is actually a chain that
is going to be essentially devoted so
your gaming tutorials or gameplay where
anytime actually offered some
all and all that so I'm not the
only this chain we are three so
a small team of three and we planned
so make videos on the games
video while in you while putting some
delusions and browning on any
what is it so its output description the
chain of course there will be a video
description the chain a little more
detailed but this time I will be in
company of a duck and this contract
buster and so that's it for
those who would like to know
so here are the friends so it's on this
match beautiful moon we will let ourselves
I hope this video will have pleased you go
see you soon
do you wear well?